Update ALFRESCO ingests for current Zeus coverages and add style hooks to ingests. (#25)
ua-snap/rasdaman-ingest: iem/alfresco/relative_flammability/README.md

> This subfolder contains the processing notebook and ingest recipes for a relative flammability dataset. These data are created from outputs of the ALFRESCO runs done with CMIP5 outputs for the SERDP Fish and Fire project, and can be found at `/workspace/Shared/Tech_Projects/SERDP_Fish_Fire/project_files/Calibration/HighCalib/FMO_Calibrated`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This subfolder contains the processing notebook and ingest recipes for a relative flammability dataset. These data are created from outputs of the ALFRESCO runs done with CMIP5 outputs for the IEM project, and can be found at `/workspace/Shared/Tech_Projects/Alaska_IEM/project_data/Final_runs/IEM_AR5`.
```

I forgot to update these a while back when I found that we had these "IEM" ALFRESCO runs! This is what's used in the code.
